# User Personas

<!-- some introduction -->

---

<!-- a persona -->

## IT Intern

![Jeff](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1521312706689-fbd93fd5af46?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2042&q=80)

- **Name**: Jeff
- **Age**: 22
- **Bio**: Freshly graduated student who needs a tool to build applications and
  software. His dream is to land a job and becoming a full-stuck developer.
- **Needs/Goals**:
  - Jeff needs a platform that provides him with the necessary tools to build
    various types of applications and software, including web, mobile, and
    desktop applications.
  - He wants a platform that uses modern architecture and scaling techniques to
    ensure that his applications are fast, reliable, and scalable.
  - Jeff wants a platform that is easy to use and understand, even for someone
    who is just starting out in the world of development.
  - He is looking for a platform that offers plenty of resources and support to
    help him learn and grow as a developer.
- **Frustrations**:
  - Jeff is frustrated by the limited tools and resources available to him as a
    new developer.
  - He wants to create robust applications, but often feels held back by his
    lack of experience and knowledge.
  - He is frustrated by platforms that are difficult to use and understand, and
    that require a lot of technical expertise to get started with.
  - Jeff is also frustrated by platforms that don't provide adequate support or
    resources to help him learn and grow as a developer.
- **Scenario 1**: Jeff has just graduated from college and is starting an IT
  internship. He wants to build a portfolio of applications and software that he
  can show to potential employers. However, he is finding it challenging to find
  a platform that meets his needs. Jeff starts researching different platforms
  online and comes across a website that builds applications of all types with
  modern architecture and scaling. He is intrigued by the platform's promise of
  easy-to-use tools and support for new developers. Jeff decides to give the
  platform a try and creates his first application. He is pleasantly surprised
  by how easy it is to use the platform and how quickly he is able to create a
  working prototype. With the platform's help, Jeff is able to build a portfolio
  of applications that impresses his internship supervisors and sets him on the
  path to becoming a full-stack developer.

---

## Tech company owner

![Kim](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1598257006458-087169a1f08d?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2070&q=80)

- **Name**: Kim
- **Age**: 31
- **Bio**:

Kim is a highly motivated and talented individual who graduated as a top 10
student from Harvard University. During her time as a student, Kim was a part of
a group of young and motivated individuals who started their own startup. The
startup focused on creating innovative solutions for everyday problems using
technology. It was during this time that Kim discovered her passion for
technology and entrepreneurship.

After graduation, Kim continued to work on her startup and eventually
transformed it into a successful tech company. With her leadership skills and
passion for technology, she has built a team of highly skilled professionals who
are committed to creating innovative solutions for their clients.

Kim's company specializes in building applications of all types with modern
architecture and scaling. They are known for their attention to detail,
reliability, and customer satisfaction. Their team of experts is constantly
learning and adapting to new technologies to stay ahead of the game and provide
their clients with the best possible solutions.

- **Needs/Goals**:

Kim's main goal is to continue growing her company and expand their reach. She
is always on the lookout for new clients who are in need of their services.
Additionally, she is passionate about giving back to the community and is always
looking for ways to use her company's resources to help those in need.

- **Frustration**:

One of Kim's biggest frustrations is the lack of understanding and appreciation
for technology in certain industries. She believes that technology can be a
game-changer for many businesses, but some are still hesitant to invest in it.
She also gets frustrated when potential clients underestimate the value of her
company's services and try to negotiate prices that don't reflect the level of
expertise and quality they provide.

- **Scenario**:

Kim is approached by a startup that is looking to build an application that can
revolutionize their industry. They have a limited budget, but they are confident
that their idea is worth investing in. Kim is excited about the project and
believes that her company can help bring their idea to life. She works closely
with the startup's team to understand their vision and provide them with a
proposal that fits their budget. She is able to leverage her team's expertise
and knowledge of modern architecture and scaling to build an application that
exceeds the startup's expectations. The startup is thrilled with the final
product and is able to successfully launch their application, which ends up
disrupting their industry and becoming a huge success.

<!-- more personas ... -->
